#
#    File: Risk
#    Info: Worst ISP Bots/Spam, Software Hosts, Potential domains used by compromised devices
# Domains: 844
# Updated: 8/25/2025  14:41 (2:41 PM CST)
#
#     RAW: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ShadowWhisperer/BlockLists/master/Lists/Risk
#     Git: https://github.com/ShadowWhisperer/BlockLists.git
#

###########################################################################################
#                      https://www.spamhaus.org/statistics/networks/                      #
###########################################################################################
tedata.net                                       #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Oct 2019
te.eg                                            #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Oct 2019
vnnic.vn                                         #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Oct 2019
adityabirla.com                                  #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Feb 2020
algerietelecom.dz                                #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Feb 2020
chinanet.cn.net                                  #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Feb 2020
cnc-noc.net                                      #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Feb 2020
ptcl.net.pk                                      #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Feb 2020
sancharnet.in                                    #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Feb 2020
telkom.co.id                                     #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Feb 2020
vnnic.net.vn                                     #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Feb 2020
zx.nl                                            #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Feb 2020
zvi.ru                                           #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Apr 2020
zylon.net                                        #ISP    Worst  Botnet   May 2020
charter.net                                      #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Nov 2020
chinamobile.com                                  #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Nov 2020
ntl.com                                          #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Nov 2020
rr.com                                           #ISP    Worst  Botnet   Nov 2020
airtel.in                                        #ISP    Worst  Spam     Feb 2019
kornet.net                                       #ISP    Worst  Spam     Oct 2019
moldtelecom.md                                   #ISP    Worst  Spam     Oct 2019
htu.cc                                           #ISP    Worst  Spam     Feb 2020
spectranet.com.ng                                #ISP    Worst  Spam     Feb 2020
zzidc.com                                        #ISP    Worst  Spam     Feb 2020
fos-vpn.org                                      #ISP    Worst  Spam     Apr 2020
chinaccs.cn                                      #ISP    Worst  Spam     May 2020
fink.org                                         #ISP    Worst  Spam     May 2020
ghlc.biz                                         #ISP    Worst  Spam     Jun 2020
inter-cloud.tech                                 #ISP    Worst  Spam     Jun 2020
colocrossing.com                                 #ISP    Worst  Spam     Nov 2020
skbroadband.com                                  #ISP    Worst  Spam     Apr 2021
wind.com.do                                      #ISP    Worst  Spam     Apr 2021


###########################################################################################
#  "AI" Companions      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uwVNufVnD8
###########################################################################################
aigirlfriend.wtf                                 #AI Girlfriend
avatar.one                                       #Avatar One
beta.character.ai                                #Character.AI
character.ai                                     #Character.AI
neo.character.ai                                 #Character.AI
plus.character.ai                                #Character.AI
api.ifriend.ai                                   #EvaAI
ifriend.ai                                       #EvaAI
api.linke.ai                                     #Linky
api-ws.linke.ai                                  #Linky
linke.ai                                         #Linky
staticai.linke.ai                                #Linky
sync-image.linke.ai                              #Linky
us-central1-lover-ai-chatbot.cloudfunctions.net  #LoverAI
lyxi.ai                                          #Lyxi
gw.vsa.ai                                        #Paradot
withfeelingaitest.firebaseapp.com                #Paradot
api.polyspeak.ai                                 #Poly.AI
cdn.polyspeak.ai                                 #Poly.AI
pluto.polyspeak.ai                               #Poly.AI
polyspeak.ai                                     #Poly.AI
sanxia.polyspeak.ai                              #Poly.AI
replika.ai                                       #Replika
ws.replika.ai                                    #Replika
api.talkie-ai.com                                #Talkie
bigdata.talkie-ai.com                            #Talkie
connection.talkie-ai.com                         #Talkie
d1ss45t6zb3sdy.cloudfront.net                    #Talkie
glowapp.vip                                      #Talkie
sensorsdata.glowapp.vip                          #Talkie
talkie-ai.com                                    #Talkie


###########################################################################################
#  Device Monitoring (Track usage / location)
###########################################################################################
p01-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p01-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p02-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p02-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p03-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p03-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p04-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p04-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p05-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p05-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p06-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p06-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p07-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p07-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p08-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p09-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p09-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p101-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p101-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p101-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p101-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p102-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p102-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p102-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p102-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p103-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p103-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p103-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p103-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p104-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p104-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p104-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p104-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p105-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p105-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p105-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p105-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p106-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p106-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p106-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p106-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p107-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p107-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p107-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p107-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p108-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p108-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p108-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p108-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p109-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p109-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p109-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p109-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p10-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p10-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p10-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p10-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p110-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p110-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p110-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p110-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p111-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p111-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p111-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p111-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p112-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p112-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p112-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p112-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p113-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p113-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p113-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p113-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p114-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p114-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p114-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p114-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p115-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p115-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p115-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p115-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p116-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p116-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p116-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p116-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p117-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p117-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p117-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p117-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p118-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p118-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p118-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p118-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p119-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p119-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p119-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p119-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p11-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p11-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p11-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p11-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p120-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p120-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p120-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p120-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p121-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p121-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p121-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p121-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p122-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p122-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p122-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p122-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p123-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p123-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p123-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p123-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p124-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p124-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p124-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p124-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p125-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p125-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p125-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p125-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p126-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p126-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p126-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p126-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p127-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p127-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p127-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p127-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p128-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p128-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p128-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p128-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p129-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p129-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p129-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p129-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p12-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p12-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p12-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p12-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p130-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p130-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p130-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p130-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p131-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p131-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p131-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p131-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p132-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p132-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p132-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p132-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p133-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p133-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p133-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p133-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p134-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p134-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p134-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p134-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p135-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p135-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p135-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p135-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p136-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p136-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p136-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p136-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p137-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p137-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p137-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p137-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p138-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p138-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p138-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p138-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p139-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p139-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p139-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p139-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p13-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p13-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p13-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p13-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p140-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p140-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p140-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p140-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p141-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p141-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p141-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p141-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p142-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p142-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p142-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p142-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p143-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p143-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p143-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p143-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p144-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p144-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p144-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p144-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p145-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p145-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p145-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p145-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p146-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p146-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p146-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p146-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p147-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p147-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p147-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p147-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p148-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p148-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p148-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p148-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p149-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p149-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p149-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p149-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p14-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p14-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p14-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p14-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p150-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p150-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p150-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p150-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p151-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p151-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p151-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p151-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p152-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p152-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p152-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p152-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p153-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p153-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p153-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p153-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p154-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p154-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p154-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p154-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p155-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p155-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p155-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p155-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p156-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p156-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p156-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p156-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p157-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p157-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p157-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p157-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p158-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p158-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p158-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p158-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p159-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p159-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p159-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p159-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p15-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p15-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p15-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p15-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p160-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p160-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p160-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p160-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p161-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p161-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p161-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p161-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p162-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p162-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p162-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p162-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p163-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p163-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p163-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p163-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p164-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p164-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p164-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p164-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p165-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p165-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p165-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p165-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p166-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p166-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p166-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p166-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p167-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p167-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p167-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p167-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p168-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p168-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p168-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p168-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p169-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p169-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p169-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p169-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p16-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p16-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p16-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p16-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p170-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p170-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p170-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p170-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p171-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p171-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p171-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p171-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p172-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p172-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p172-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p172-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p173-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p173-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p173-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p173-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p174-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p174-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p174-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p174-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p175-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p175-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p175-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p175-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p176-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p176-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p176-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p176-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p177-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p177-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p177-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p177-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p178-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p178-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p178-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p178-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p179-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p179-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p179-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p179-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p17-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p17-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p17-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p17-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p180-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p180-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p180-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p180-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p181-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p181-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p181-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p181-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p182-fmf.icloud.com                              #Apple Devices
p182-fmf.icloud.com.cn                           #Apple Devices
p182-fmfmobile.icloud.com                        #Apple Devices
p182-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                     #Apple Devices
p18-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p18-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p18-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p18-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p19-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p19-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p19-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p19-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p20-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p20-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p20-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p20-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p21-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p21-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p21-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p21-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p22-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p22-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p22-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p22-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p23-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p23-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p23-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p23-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p24-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p24-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p24-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p24-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p25-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p25-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p25-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p25-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p26-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p26-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p26-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p26-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p27-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p27-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p27-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p27-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p28-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p28-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p28-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p28-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p29-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p29-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p29-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p29-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p30-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p30-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p30-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p30-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p31-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p31-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p31-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p31-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p32-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p32-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p32-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p32-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p33-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p33-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p33-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p33-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p34-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p34-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p34-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p34-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p35-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p35-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p35-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p35-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p36-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p36-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p36-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p36-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p37-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p37-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p37-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p37-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p38-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p38-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p38-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p38-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p39-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p39-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p39-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p39-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p40-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p40-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p40-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p40-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p41-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p41-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p41-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p41-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p42-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p42-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p42-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p42-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p43-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p43-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p43-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p43-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p44-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p44-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p44-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p44-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p45-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p45-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p45-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p45-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p46-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p46-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p46-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p46-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p47-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p47-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p47-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p47-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p48-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p48-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p48-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p48-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p49-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p49-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p49-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p49-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p50-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p50-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p50-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p50-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p51-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p51-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p51-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p51-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p52-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p52-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p52-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p52-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p53-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p53-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p53-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p53-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p54-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p54-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p54-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p54-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p55-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p55-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p55-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p55-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p56-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p56-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p56-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p56-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p57-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p57-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p57-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p57-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p58-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p58-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p58-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p58-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p59-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p59-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p59-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p59-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p60-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p60-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p60-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p60-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p61-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p61-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p61-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p61-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p62-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p62-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p62-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p62-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p63-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p63-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p63-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p63-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p64-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p64-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p64-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p64-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p65-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p65-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p65-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p65-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p66-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p66-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p66-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p66-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p67-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p67-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p67-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p67-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p68-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p68-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p68-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p68-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p69-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p69-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p69-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p69-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p70-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p70-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p70-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p70-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p71-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p71-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p71-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p71-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p72-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p72-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p72-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p72-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p73-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p73-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p74-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p74-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p75-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p75-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p76-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p76-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p77-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p77-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p78-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p78-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p79-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p79-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p80-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p80-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p97-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p97-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p97-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p97-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
p98-fmf.icloud.com                               #Apple Devices
p98-fmf.icloud.com.cn                            #Apple Devices
p98-fmfmobile.icloud.com                         #Apple Devices
p98-fmfmobile.icloud.com.cn                      #Apple Devices
kidinspector.com                                 #Computer
mobistealth.com                                  #Computer
retinax.com                                      #Computer
cocospy.com                                      #Computer / Phone
cerberusapp.com                                  #Phone
devicetrackerplus.com                            #Phone
eyezy.com                                        #Phone
mspy.de                                          #Phone
spy24.app                                        #Phone
spyfone.com                                      #Phone
spyhuman.com                                     #Phone
spyine.com                                       #Phone
spymasterpro.com                                 #Phone
spyzie.io                                        #Phone
sharemyinsight.com                               #Customer Monitoring *Not likely user side


###########################################################################################
#  Hacking
###########################################################################################
darkforums.st                                    #Forum
lolz.guru                                        #Forum
lolz.live                                        #Forum

snipr.gg                                         #Tool: Credential Stuffing Toolkit
actualkeylogger.com                              #Tool: Keylogger
ardamax.com                                      #Tool: Keylogger
bestxsoftware.com                                #Tool: Keylogger
blazingtools.com                                 #Tool: Keylogger
elitekeyloggers.com                              #Tool: Keylogger
iwantsoft.com                                    #Tool: Keylogger
kidlogger.net                                    #Tool: Keylogger
logixoft.com                                     #Tool: Keylogger
mobilespy.b-cdn.net                              #Tool: Keylogger
netbull.com                                      #Tool: Keylogger
pctattletale.com                                 #Tool: Keylogger
refog.com                                        #Tool: Keylogger
relytec.com                                      #Tool: Keylogger
spyarsenal.com                                   #Tool: Keylogger
spyrix.cc                                        #Tool: Keylogger
spyrix.com                                       #Tool: Keylogger
spyrix.info                                      #Tool: Keylogger
win-spy.com                                      #Tool: Keylogger
wolfeye.us                                       #Tool: Keylogger
mitm.it                                          #Tool: Man-In-Middle Proxy
lhr.life                                         #Tool: Phishing Tool
portchecker.co                                   #Tool: Port Scanner
api.c99.nl                                       #Tool: Port Scanner


###########################################################################################
#  Hosting (Code, software, etc)
###########################################################################################
aapks.com                                        #APK Hosting
apkcafe.de                                       #APK Hosting
apkcafe.nl                                       #APK Hosting
apkcafe-vn                                       #APK Hosting
apkcombo.com                                     #APK Hosting
apkcombo.org                                     #APK Hosting
apkflash.com                                     #APK Hosting
apk.gold                                         #APK Hosting
apkgold.ae                                       #APK Hosting
apkgold.in                                       #APK Hosting
apkgold.kr                                       #APK Hosting
apkgold-vn                                       #APK Hosting
apks.software                                    #APK Hosting
fikfak.net                                       #APK Hosting
uptodown.com                                     #APK Hosting

appdomain.cloud                                  #Cloud Storage (IBM) - Known to have malware
top4top.io                                       #Cloud Storage - Known to have malware

codefactory.sh                                   #Code Hosting
onrender.com                                     #Code Hosting
codesandbox.io                                   #Code Hosting - Hosts malware
csb.app                                          #Code Hosting - Hosts malware
bitbucket.io                                     #Code Hosting - Hosts malware / scam sites
glitch.me                                        #Code Hosting - Hosts malware / scam sites
repl.co                                          #Code Hosting - Hosts malware / scam sites
repl.it                                          #Code Hosting - Hosts malware / scam sites
stackblitz.io                                    #Code Hosting - Hosts malware / scam sites
workers.dev                                      #Code Hosting   (Cloudflare Workers)

apponic.com                                      #Software Hosting
brothersoft.com                                  #Software Hosting
cache.filehippo.com                              #Software Hosting
cdn.filehorse.netdna-cdn.com                     #Software Hosting
crsky.com                                        #Software Hosting
dl1.filehippo.com                                #Software Hosting
download82.com                                   #Software Hosting
downloadsoftware4free.com                        #Software Hosting
en.vessoft.com                                   #Software Hosting
fileeagle.com                                    #Software Hosting
filehippo.com                                    #Software Hosting
filehorse.com                                    #Software Hosting
filehorse.sbsd-updates.eu                        #Software Hosting
filesriver.com                                   #Software Hosting
freefiles-18.de                                  #Software Hosting
freesoftwarefiles.com                            #Software Hosting
freeware.de                                      #Software Hosting
fs1.filesriver.com                               #Software Hosting
fs2.download82.com                               #Software Hosting
fyxm.net                                         #Software Hosting
getitfree.us                                     #Software Hosting
jetelecharge.com                                 #Software Hosting
oovoo.com                                        #Software Hosting
qarchive.org                                     #Software Hosting
sftapi.com                                       #Software Hosting
soft32download.com                               #Software Hosting
softonic.cn                                      #Software Hosting
softonic.com.br                                  #Software Hosting
softonic.com                                     #Software Hosting
softonic.com.tr                                  #Software Hosting
softonic.de                                      #Software Hosting
softonic.fr                                      #Software Hosting
softonic.info                                    #Software Hosting
softonic.it                                      #Software Hosting
softonic.jp                                      #Software Hosting
softonic.kr                                      #Software Hosting
softoniclabs.com                                 #Software Hosting
softonic.nl                                      #Software Hosting
softonic.pl                                      #Software Hosting
softonic.ru                                      #Software Hosting
softpedia.com                                    #Software Hosting
vessoft.com                                      #Software Hosting
vessoftstatic.com                                #Software Hosting
winsite.com                                      #Software Hosting

cprapid.com                                      #Web Host [cPanel]    Known to host malware domains
godaddysites.com                                 #Web Host [GoDaddy]   Un-Finished sites - Usually malware (Not always)
teste.website                                    #Web Host [HostGator] Known to host malware domains


###########################################################################################
#  Internet Sharing (Use you as a proxy)
###########################################################################################
ariesbee.com                                     #HoneyGain - Make money by sharing your Internet
aurigabee.xyz                                    #HoneyGain - Make money by sharing your Internet
bootesbee.com                                    #HoneyGain - Make money by sharing your Internet
honeygain.com                                    #HoneyGain - Make money by sharing your Internet
nodr.io                                          #Uses your bandwidth "when you're not using it"


###########################################################################################
#  Proxy
###########################################################################################
ply.gg                                           #Port Forward Alternative

packetstream.io                                  #Proxy - Known to be abused

burrow.io                                        #Share Localhost
localhost.run                                    #Share Localhost
localtunnel.me                                   #Share Localhost
loophole.site                                    #Share Localhost
ngrok.io                                         #Share Localhost
showoff.io                                       #Share Localhost


###########################################################################################
#  Software / Apps
###########################################################################################
kingoapp.com                                     #Android Rooting Software (Shady)
oneclickroot.com                                 #Android Rooting Software (Shady)
api-main.oneclickroot.com                        #Android Rooting Software (Shady)

taskernet.com                                    #Android APP [Tasker] Allows custom scripts to run in the background


###########################################################################################
#  Other
###########################################################################################
hikvision.com                                    #Chineese Security Cameras - Banned By US Gov
api.hikvision.com                                #Chineese Security Cameras - Banned By US Gov
hikvision.com.cn                                 #Chineese Security Cameras - Banned By US Gov

100k-faces.glitch.me                             #Create random fake users (Site it safe. Abused by scam/phising sites to show "user reviews")
randomuser.me                                    #Create random fake users (Site it safe. Abused by scam/phising sites to show "user reviews")  https://randomuser.me/api/
generated.photos                                 #Create random fake users (Site it safe. Abused by scam/phising sites to show "user reviews")
static.generated.photos                          #Create random fake users (Site it safe. Abused by scam/phising sites to show "user reviews")

zde.cz                                           #Redirector

href.li                                          #Referer Hiding
noreferrer.cc                                    #Referer Hiding
refererhider.com                                 #Referer Hiding




#  Domains Used On/By Infected Machines  (Potentially)
#=====================================================================================================
#
#   Money Transfer  =  Websites used to send money to someone else
#          Webhook  =  Inspect page requests  (Can be used to receive data from an infected system)
#        Webscript  =  Run scripts online
#
#=====================================================================================================

download.c3pool.com                       #Bitcoin Miner (Legit) - Used by compromized machines

cardlesspaytech.com                       #Money Transfer  (Seen in Tech Support Scam)
remitly.com                               #Money Transfer  (Seen in Tech Support Scam)
remitly.io                                #Money Transfer  (Seen in Tech Support Scam)
xe.com                                    #Money Transfer  (Seen in Tech Support Scam)

abcex.io                                  #Bitcoin to cash conversions
bitmoneyekb.com                           #Bitcoin to cash conversions
paxful.com                                #Bitcoin to cash conversions

beeceptor.com                             #Webhook
hookdeck.com                              #Webhook
httpreq.com                               #Webhook
ironikus.com                              #Webhook
requestbin.com                            #Webhook
requestinspector.com                      #Webhook
requestwatch.com                          #Webhook
webhook.site                              #Webhook

pythonanywhere.com                        #Webscript
webscript.io                              #Webscript
